.TH YWFLOW 1 "2026-04-28" "ywflow 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ywflow \- configurable human-in-the-loop workflow runner for Claude Code
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ywflow
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.I COMMAND
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ywflow
is a Rust-based CLI tool that wraps Claude Code sessions with a structured,
config-driven workflow.
Each step in the workflow launches an interactive Claude Code session with
the correct model, context, and skills pre-configured, keeping a human in
control of every transition.
.PP
The workflow is defined in a
.B ywflow.yaml
file at the project root.
All steps declared in that file are registered as subcommands at runtime;
.B setup
is the only built-in subcommand.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B setup
Initialise ywflow in the current project.
Creates a
.B ywflow.yaml
scaffold in the working directory.
.TP
.I <step>
Run the named workflow step as defined in
.BR ywflow.yaml .
Step subcommands are registered dynamically at startup.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-help
Print help and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Print version and exit.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.B ywflow
reads
.B ywflow.yaml
from the current working directory.
The file defines a
.I context
block of named variables and a
.I steps
list.
.PP
Variable expansion is supported in step arguments using the following syntax:
.TP
.BI ${ variable }
Replaced with the value of a context variable defined in the
.I context:
block.
.TP
.BI ${ task }
Replaced with the value of the runtime
.B \-\-task
CLI argument passed to the step subcommand.
.TP
.BI ${ env: VAR }
Replaced with the value of the shell environment variable
.IR VAR .
.PP
Variables are expanded in the order: context variables, runtime variables,
environment variables.
.SH EXAMPLES
Initialise a new workflow in the current project:
.PP
.RS
.EX
ywflow setup
.EE
.RE
.PP
Run a step named
.I implement
with a runtime task argument:
.PP
.RS
.EX
ywflow implement \-\-task "add user authentication"
.EE
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ywflow.yaml
Workflow configuration file, read from the current working directory.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by manszigher.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR claude (1),
.BR ssh (1)
